how about you stay welcome
after the hot afternoon
yes sir star you have downloaded a
little the temperature after all
they saw in my dream is to dance now
if they did not see it
how sad were there very good things that
has to do
unless vip jury votes and it 's
chiquita gonzález
for all
you expected this, yes, because of what
past and this wall is rhythmic
time because I like your sincerity
let's say what I do not dance but all of them
liked they gave to the sinking of the titanic
but it was also a terrible catastrophe
this as a dance is a catastrophe but
the terrible titanic a letter from the lord
he does not dance anything and he already has me
mother of those from insults to
judges is not going to help us move the
long nothing I thought of very bad taste
all the costumes
in the dressing room this yes although you
you kiss and I know that you are already a
little bit
the only person who was saved by
susana and as we all know it was
spectacular anais we love you but then
these four are the only ones that I believe
that they could get out of there yes sir good
these were the best scenes that
us that we could rescue for all
you where it really shows
who is doing very bad now as
he says the most beloved was Anna and without
But yesterday, many of us wanted
vote for her but for her or for
our favorites and could not because of
the impressive amount of people
who wanted to vote precisely them
We appreciate your desire to support your
favorite unfortunately
servers collapsed to vote
but we have a news put a lot
attention to the following please
the number of people who voted was so great
that the servers collapsed
between 9 and 9 55 more or less
fixed the problem when it could but
we had to access other servers
to support the amount of votes
and fortunately the program had a
audience the 20 were very well
we are all very happy but for
remedy this the people who had not
could vote between that time are going to
continue counting the votes until the
5 in the afternoon until 5 in the afternoon
today the voting is still open
because people can vote in my dream
is dancing dotcom already said
producer vote at this time through
from the page www a point my dreams
dance together has until 5 o'clock
late who do you want to stay
I just could not so good
you know you can vote for your favorite today
until 5 in the afternoon and now we have
what nobody saw jumped a lot
attention to this
it was a hot night in all the
meaning of the word and if you think that what
you had seen everything you are wrong
you like to make your own because
again, it's nothing
and who speaks to me
do not
an orgasm but great no no no no no
not with now he made me
I did not expect it and I think André
that's also why I told you a while ago
that looks say more than 100
words who is the hottest couple
at night andrés garcía yo
you're left without pleasure
let's say that the final form
it was very hot I'm sweet it's a
tv star
we love you and of course sweet
continues to work in coordination as well
has things that talk to come to us
felipe
here we are fine but here nobody knows
by the way if you want to know everything
especially because it's hot night
Now the night is very hot
imitation for montero with derive from
dynamic ushuaia
he took it back to mexico and he
She says she wants to take all the
year to continue learning to dance
and I would like
I no longer have clear yes
this time it is very biased
this was because now, yes, inventing
that is with this girl or that I do not see
do not miss romancillo to see what yes
I want you to see it is a fight that
originated there are between bobby larios and our
good friend
welcome to the angels bobby larios
when you said it is that jose luís sin
waist like where did that come from
it seems that the chaca already has a substitute
the dream is to dance clear I mean
bobby larios who started very damn
but it has already escaped
It has a lot of tongue of friends tacos for
take like I said this I think he has
a program that is called get joseph
Luis without censorship
welcome I had a 12 year program and
this he really I do not know what he has done
A) Yes
but there is a race people are
confused with that people think that
an entire organ not obviously with the
field a very strong explosion
pending a public scandal there
a career valued behind michetti
the internet does not we can a
influence of the state cord where
work is making me fight good
and I'm still saying very right not me
remove the one you join for tv star
I will not comment because both are
friends and them
do not forget that you can keep voting today
until 5 in the afternoon through the
website www next to my dream is
dance dotcom the participants know what
they 're going to thank us let's pause and
we come back with more is thanks